the economy is not this Rosy picture
that they've painted for everybody
everywhere you turn you can see people
that they are struggling struggling to
pay for stuff struggling with their
bills and yet here we are you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you people are continuing to spend
spending on their credit cards spending
on the buy out pay laters they are going
to do this until they Wy coyote off the
Cliff that's the way it goes and we can
see this through every generation uh all
throughout this period of time there is
no example of financial education that
seems to be passed down it just doesn't
happen okay and so we can look at this
each generation has their own you know
situation some of them were able to buy
homes for significantly cheaper in
relation to their income today though we
have run into a brick wall
there's a problem here you know
Financial education you go back 100
years you come to today nobody knew
about it okay still today and where I'm
going with that is you could see this
more Americans turn to Tik Tock for
their news now the mainstream news I
think it's terrible of course maybe Tik
Tok is better than that I don't know uh
but if you're going to Tik Tok and
you're receiving information in
bite-sized pieces you will not have the
ability to be successful in your life
bite-sized information there is no depth
and you will not be able to actually
conquer anything okay it is with depth
that we become Masters and this is
important it's an important distinction
you look back though on what people have
been doing 100 years ago they were not
successful in you know their financial
Endeavors generally you look back 50
years ago the difference now is that
there's so much inflation that people
cannot get away with just being average
just being okay and still getting the
average car the average house the
average situation not anymore that's not
happening so I want to talk about this
in depth look there's something going on
here underneath all of this the payrolls
versus employment employment is lagging
jobs by 9 million I didn't think it was
9 million but that's what they're saying
here 9 million so what does this mean
when they give you the jobs numbers oh
yeah the jobs numbers came out oh it was
a whopping 300,000 new jobs added what
if I told you that that was false what
if in fact they didn't really add
300,000 jobs what if the situation was a
lot more curious than that I'm going to
show you the charts that will detail
exactly exactly what they're doing okay
but you can see the difference here so
we get these jobs numbers now if I work
four jobs that's not four like that
counts as four jobs one person but four
jobs if I am fired hired fired hired
fired hired it's as if I'm getting a
quote unquote new job
all of these things start to skew the
data you see but when you look at actual
real
employment right actual employed people
the numbers have been very bad for a
while you can see the red line and there
was a point at which you know something
really snapped back in 2022 along with
you know increasing interest rates
things have been Haywire ever since Job
changes March 2024 here we
go okay so we added a whole bunch of
jobs there's just one problem though
they're all
part-time all of them are part-time in
fact we lost full-time
jobs negative full-time jobs but an
increase in part-time jobs now I don't
know about you I'd rather take a
part-time job than no job there's no
question about it I want to get some
hours and maybe I get two part-time jobs
maybe I have to get three part-time jobs
okay but do you see how that skews the
numbers if I got to get two and three
part-time jobs to add up to a full-time
job which probably doesn't have benefits
probably doesn't have this and that
along with the fact that I got to be
probably commuting from place to place
all these different things it's not an
optimal
scenario this is skewing the numbers the
economy is not strong let's be clear
about that it's not cumulative changes
in full and part-time jobs since March
of 202 2023 and you could see what's
happening here there's a big problem and
it's getting
worse so we'll see what happens through
2024 where we're being told there's a
recession and then suddenly oh no no
there's no no recession that it's a soft
Landing is this going to start to unfold
in higher unemployment like the number
that they give us if that is would be
interesting to see will they finally
admit it I don't know I don't know it's
going to be uh interesting then we have
this native versus foreign born workers
zero job creation for native born
workers since July of
2018 and so there's a differential there
so we should be aware of that also I
think um some people are are just
worried at this time they don't know
what the future has in store some
Canadians are competing against
thousands of applicants for jobs and
this isn't just like one or two cases
yes you'll see some things that have
gone viral on social media um you know
people as you could see here 500 people
applied for one posting and
11,500 people for another now maybe
that's you know something really really
nice you could see some of the examples
in here just simple things okay these
are not like this security guard SL
officer it's not exactly you know a
fantastic thing
and this is the type of thing that I've
been seeing everywhere there's some
stuff that's gone all over social media
and you know the the lineups lineups for
one job lineups everybody's fighting for
these jobs the the job situation this
Canada of course but it's kind of the
same everywhere where it's there's a lot
of open jobs but at the same time
they're not hiring people as they did
before it's a weird very weird
circumstance gen Z is toxic for
companies employers believe I want to
know what you think about that is that a
is that blanket statement for the most
part
accurate some what they're saying here
in this article is actually no they're
that's not the case they just don't want
to be like Millennials they don't want
to get screwed over they are willing to
tell their employer when they feel this
and that all that stuff what is it about
gen Z let me know in the comments
California malls as we know them are
dying here's what comes next and so
that's a a sign number one there was way
too much retail to begin with we that
should be reduced but they you can uh
check the article out the link will be
in the description under the sources but
essentially what they say here is that
they're converting them and they're
doing that a lot this part of the mall
is going to now be this and this store
is going to be that they're trying to do
that I think though along the way there
will be a lot of failures and these are
nice Mall these are not like some little
small Plaza on the you know side of the
road type of thing these are big malls a
lot of money went into them and they're
failing the the consumer just isn't
there okay as well as you know you have
online shopping there's just too much
Choice as
well record numbers of wealthy Americans
are looking for ways to live overseas
and this is what a lot of people doing
they're saying I can't afford it I can't
do it this is not going to work for me
I'm gone and I don't blame people I
honestly don't blame people for wanting
to find a better life this article is
talking about uh Portugal and so on
everywhere for the most part has become
more expensive some places have become
much worse there's no question about it
um but you know if you're searching for
that perfect place you're probably going
to be searching
forever uh but you got to understand
what you need what about the jobs in the
area how are you going to actually pay
your bills a lot of people they they
don't think these things through
sometimes who wouldn't like prices to
start falling careful what you wish for
economists to say
this is what we really need we actually
need a period of deflation deflation the
housing prices need to collapse they
need to absolutely collapse prices of
stuff that you buy at the store that
needs to
collapse but it won't and what they say
is deflation is bad that's bad look I'm
all for it yeah does it hurt of course
it hurts of course that would be very
bad in some cas
es would employers lay people off yes
absolutely but there's one thing that
you can't stop it's inflation you cannot
stop it once it goes it only gets worse
in real terms so you better watch out
deflation generally it can go okay we
have this problem okay it sucks people
get it laid off it's a year it's 2 years
but there will be a bottom and things
get better when you have inflation
things don't get better so watch out
okay I don't care what these economists
say they're sleeping all right if you
found this video informative hit that
Thumbs Up Button hit it twice hit it
Thrice I do appreciate that because when
you do so it helps to support the
channel if you want to be ahead of the
curve and you want to actually get the
information before I can make videos
about it before you know can you you're
going to hear about these things I'm
talking about these Trends way before
like literally months before in my
finance Friday live more information in
the link in the description at the top
as well as my business Sunday business
live we talk about how to escape all of
this that's what Sunday business live is
all about if you want more information
Link in the description I'll see you
tomorrow take care